So now let us discuss the solution to the problem that we discussed.
So now let us try to understand how to define or pick pointers.
So in order to define the structure, which is more of a linked list in our case as opaque to external
world here, external world is the application seesaws file.
In our example, we were going to define that structure definition in libraries, source file rather
than header file.
The intent is not to expose the structure definition to the outside world, so outside world would never
know its internal member details.
So now let us try to see with the help of an example how to accomplish this.
So going forward, continuing with the same example, we have linked list, Etchberger file and the
source file of the linked list.
So what we will going to do is that we will going to create an alias in order to access the Lord of
a linked list in the header file.
It is always convenient to define an alias of a structure.
Right.
And note that we also discussed that in your application dot seesaws file opaque structures do not allow
to write you size of operator on the opaque structure.
It means that you cannot mallock the memory in this application doxie source file for our opaque structure,
which is a list of a..
So it simply means that your file also has to provide a mechanism to the application, not source file,
regarding how to mallock a new node.
And it is for this reason that we have provided a public API to allocate a memory for a node of a list.
Right, because you cannot in walk size of operator in application seesaws file, and hence you cannot
write mallock and passing the size of a node of a linked list.
Right now you can see that EnLink, the start of her file, we have removed the definition of a node
of a linked list.
In fact, we will going to move the definition of a node of a link list from the head of file to the
source file.
Right.
So in the source, while we were going to provide the definition of a..
Of a link list.
Right.
And since this is a new public API whose prototype we have defined in the high profile, we need to
provide the implementation of this API in the source file.
Right.
And we are done.
Now, let us see an application doxie source file.
How were you going to make use of our link list so simply you can create an order of a link list by
using mallock new API, which is provided by the library, and you can create another node of the link
list using the same mallock new node API.
Right.
And finally, you can invoke another public API link list in session in order to insert node two after
node one in the link list.
Right.
So throughout this code, we have never attempted to access any internal member of a note of a link
list.
It simply means that if you tried to write your own implementation of inserting a node in a linked list
or an implementation which requires you to access the internal member of a node of a link list, you
cannot do so.
Any attempt to access any internal member of a node of a linked list in application doxies source file
will give you a compilation error.
Now, if you try to understand that, why it works like this way.
So what you need to do is that you simply stick to the basics and you will get the answer to the question
as why opaque pointers work this way.
Apply to substitution on application doxie source file.
When I say tax substitution, simply replace the content of the linked list attached to the file with
the content of this file.
Right.
So assume that this line has been replaced by the entire content of this link list, dot etc file in
application, doxy source file.
Now if the compiler compiles this file from top to bottom, then I ask you one question.
Does the compiler ever sees the complete definition of the structure of a node of the legalist?
The answer is no.
Compiler never sees the definition of L'il underscore node underscore t structure because the definition
of this structure is present in the source file and not in the header file.
So it simply means that compiler never knew what members are there in node of a link list and therefore
you can never access any member of a node of the linked list in application doxy source file.
And since Compiler never knows the details about the internal members of a node of a link list, the
compiler also never knows the size of a node of a linked list.
So it simply means that you cannot invoke size of operator on the Lord of a linked list.
If you want, you can try out writing this code and try to access the internal members of a node of
a link list or try to compute the size of a node of a linked list in your application DARZI source file
and you will see that you will get the compiler error called incomplete definition.
So this is the compiler error that you will get.
So I choose to add this topic in discourse because this is one of the interview questions that are often
asked, and it is a very less known topic to the especially to the students.
And.